Help him!
My Tiancheng, you are here!
What a big cut!
How dare you support me!
Why did the animal let him go before?
That's the one who is so angry that the Chinese people follow him!
I have never been as helpless as Fei Chu!
I just want to be the strongest man with Zan!
Look!
Zhen Tiancheng, please figure out what the occasion is!
This is not a place for you to thrive!
It’s almost time to stop!
Come to me and leave quickly!
My Heavenly City, if you don’t have the ability to be a hero, don’t embarrass yourself here!
I'm going to die!
I accept your service
three years no see
You still had this kind of service yesterday
Kneel down quickly if you don't get to me
I have nothing to do with the war price anymore
Why should I pay you more?
easy to live in this world
Persistence is the basis of our battle
Wait until the exhibition accepts
I will use price method again
Solve your negative price
The power of the gods is strength
If you are in Eastern Europe, come to buy more
I'm afraid the rebels present
This is the destiny of every city
You quickly solve the problem at hand
First, if he is not good-looking and is not in Eastern Europe, how can he occupy Tianchen?
You, the power of the Sang family
How dare you be so horny on such an occasion?
You should have known what you were
I don't have time to waste my time here with you
This is understanding
Our new enemy hates everything